{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-Black;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-ItalicMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10080\viewh9600\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 EdenMath 1.1.1\

\f1\b0\fs18 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\

\fs24 Congratulations, you are one of the few people who actually reads the standard 
\f2\i Read Me
\f1\i0  file!  Contained within is some basic information, installation, licensing, pricing, issues, and updates about the EdenMath scientific calculator.\

\f3\b \
About
\f1\b0 \
EdenMath is a scientific calculator, which acts and functions like a standard scientific calculator you could buy at a store.  It provides standard arithmetic, trigonometric, algebraic, and probability functions.  EdenMath was designed using the Cocoa API, which is exclusive for Mac OS X.  \
\
So what makes EdenMath different?  \
\
On the surface, EdenMath does not differ too greatly from any other standard scientific calculator you might find.  However, a developer's tutorial has been provided, chronicling the design and construction of EdenMath.  For the aspiring Cocoa developer, this can prove as a useful tool for an introduction to Cocoa. \

\f3\b \
Installation
\f1\b0 \
Simply copy the EdenMath folder over to your Applications folder, and EdenMath will be installed for you.  Click on the EdenMath icon inside this folder to launch the EdenMath scientific calculator.  You can also keep the EdenMath folder in the location of your choice, and create an EdenMath alias and then drag the alias over to your Applications folder.
\f3\b \
\
Licensing
\f1\b0 \
As of EdenMath 1.1.1, this application is protected under the GNU General Public License (Version 2).  A copy of the GPL is included with EdenMath, enclosed in the file License.  If a copy of this License is not present, it can be found at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.txt.
\f3\b \
\
Cost
\f1\b0 \
EdenMath is freeware, so it costs you nothing.
\f3\b \
\
Known Issues
\f1\b0 \
EdenMath evaluates mathematical expressions as they are typed, so the order of operations is not always followed.  If the expression 3+2*5 is typed, it will evaluate to 25, instead of 13.  This problem is not unique to EdenMath, and is also present in Apple's Calculator application.  To circumvent this problem, type in the expression in another form, such as 5*2+3.\
\
Occasionally precision problems will arise, such as the number 0.5 will appear as 0.4999999.  EdenMath has been constructed to avoid as many of these problems as possible, but this problem will occur sometimes.
\f3\b \
\
Unknown Issues
\f1\b0 \
EdenMath was tested under Mac OS 10.1 and 10.2, so it has not been tested under 10.0 or 10.3.  EdenMath is not currently supported under 10.0 or 10.3, but you are certainly welcome to try running the program on these systems.\
\
One of the biggest problems regarding unknown issues is just that -- they are unknown.  So, if you do find any problems or inconsistencies, please send an e-mail to support@edenwaith.com\
\

\f3\b EdenMath For GNUstep
\f1\b0 \
EdenMath has been ported to GNUstep by Robert Burns.  For further information about the GNUstep version of EdenMath, visit http://www.eskimo.com/~pburns/rob/EdenMath/ .\
\

\f3\b Updates\

\f1\b0 \ul Version 1.1.1 - May 2004\ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a5 Support for non-integer factorials\
\'a5 Constants menu\
\'a5 New application icon\
\'a5 Updated tutorial\
\'a5 Available under GPL\
\'a5 Trimmed down source code\
\'a5 Minor modifications to the interface\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul \
Version 1.1.0 - 1. June 2003\ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a5 New interface design & icon\
\'a5 Updated tutorial.\
\'a5 Arcsine, Arccosine, and Arctangent now work properly.  The logic behind them for previous versions of EdenMath was backwards, so none of these worked correctly except when using radians.\
\'a5 3.0% will now show up correctly as 0.03.  It showed up as 0.0 before.\
\'a5 Increased the precision for the conversion to gradients so answers using gradients will be more accurate.\
\'a5 Before, 0! would crash the program.  It now correctly returns the answer of 1.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f3\b \cf0 \

\f1\b0 \ul Version 1.0.2 - 1. July 2002\ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a5 Annoying precision bug which evaluated some numbers such as 65.1 to 65.0999999999 has been corrected.\
\'a5 Entire project (including nib files and source code) has been included, instead of just the source code.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f3\b \cf0 \

\f1\b0 \ul Version 1.0.1 - 29. May 2002\ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a5 Switched the multiplication mnemonic from 'x' to '*'.\
\'a5 Added additional material to the About Box.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\f3\b Websites
\f1\b0 \
Edenwaith: http://www.edenwaith.com\
EdenMath: http://www.edenwaith.com/products/edenmath/\
EdenMath tutorial: http://www.edenwaith.com/development/tutorials/edenmath/\
Support: support@edenwaith.com\
\

\fs18 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\fs24 \
\pard\tx0\tx1120\tx2240\tx3360\tx4480\tx5600\tx6720\tx7840\tx8960\tx10080\tx11200\tx12320\tx13440\tx14560\tx15680\tx16800\tx17920\tx19040\tx20160\tx21280\tx22400\tx23520\tx24640\tx25760\tx26880\tx28000\tx29120\tx30240\tx31360\tx32480\tx33600\tx34720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a9 2004 Edenwaith \
}